feat: add new groundwork output plugin (#9891)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/gw8/README.md

> # Groundwork Output Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GroundWork Output Plugin
```

Reviewer: I would also add that this plugin only supports GW8+

> This plugin writes to a Groundwork instance using "[GROUNDWORK][]" own format.
> 
> [GROUNDWORK]: https://www.gwos.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin writes to a [GroundWork Monitor][1] instance.

[1]: https://www.gwos.com/product/groundwork-monitor/
```
